:book: New Provider documentation (#1682)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/providers/implementers-guide/overview.md

# Overview

In order to demonstrate how to develop a new Cluster API provider we will use 
`kubebuilder` to create an example provider. For more information on `kubebuilder`
and CRDs in general we highly recommend reading the [Kubebuilder Book][kubebuilder-book].
Much of the information here was adapted directly from it. 

> This is an _infrastructure_ provider - tasked with producing machines or nodes to install Kubernetes on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an _infrastructure_ provider - tasked with managing provider-specific resources for clusters and machines.
```

> There are also [bootstrapping providers][bootstrap], which turn those nodes into Kubernetes nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are also [bootstrap providers][bootstrap], which turn machines into Kubernetes nodes.
```
